Jenkins azure (#557)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2021-10/jenkins-azure/index.md

---
title: Configure Jenkins in Azure and deploy with Octopus Deploy 
description: Learn how configure a Jenkins instance in Azure and deploy with Octopus Deploy
author: terence.wong@octopus.com
visibility: public 
published: 2021-10-11
metaImage: blogimage-configureajenkinsvminazureanddeploywithoctopusdeploy.png
bannerImage: blogimage-configureajenkinsvminazureanddeploywithoctopusdeploy.png
bannerImageAlt: A rocket coming from a Jenkins launch pad and being deployed via Octopus Deploy towards an Azure logo in the clouds.
isFeatured: false
tags:
 - Azure
 - Jenkins
---

Jenkins is an open-source automation server that enables developers to automate building, testing, and deploying software. This blog post will show you how to configure a Jenkins instance, push a package to an Octopus Deploy instance, and deploy a web application to Azure.

To do this, you will need:

- An Octopus Deploy instance
- An Azure account
- A Jenkins instance

:::hint

> You can set up Jenkins in many ways. One way is to follow [this guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/jenkins/configure-on-linux-vm), completing steps 1-4. The guide will give you a live Jenkins instance on Azure.

Reviewer: Adding Links to some of the content we've created recently, @terence-octo do you see any problems adding these?

```suggestion
You can install Jenkins in many ways, for instance, for instance in [Linux or Windows](https://octopus.com/blog/jenkins-install-guide-windows-linux), on [Docker](https://octopus.com/blog/jenkins-docker-install-guide), or with [Helm](https://octopus.com/blog/jenkins-helm-install-guide). Alternatively, you could follow [this guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/jenkins/configure-on-linux-vm. If you complete steps 1-4. The guide will give you a live Jenkins instance on Azure.
```

Author: that seems fine to me
